Introduction and Goals
======================

MyDigiTwin is a scientific initiative to develop a platform in which individuals can, for the first time, directly compare their personal health data with big-data reference data available from multiple cohorts, including ±200,000 national and ±500,000 international volunteers with long-term follow-up. This big-data will be queried via FAIR data access points and “on the fly” comparison by Artificial Intelligence (AI)-based algorithms will return results that will be used to render a “Digital Twin” (representative) of each individual user. This “Digital Twin” informs the user on the actual observed cardiovascular events of the identified “most alike” volunteers from big-data reference sets. The “Digital Twin” can also be modified for input variables to allow the user to simulate the effect of changes (e.g. in Lifestyle) and assess benefits or harm. The MyDigiTwin platform will also make AI tools available to the users to “check” whether their personal data, including possible pharmacotherapy, is in line with the official recommendations from professional cardiovascular practice guidelines. Dedicated research will be directed to obtain fundamental insights into the readiness of society to optimally align the foreseen platform and cockpit (user interface) with the needs and expectations of users. A co-creation strategy will be used to develop MyDigiTwin and its efficacy, in order to empower patients and enable shared decision-making. This will be tested in a real-life setting by our clinicians. MyDigiTwin contributes to self-management and improved interaction with health care professionals through knowledge-driven empowerment, technical solutions to enhance communication, and reports to simulate shared decision making.


## Goal: Convert consolidated medical data into useful information

Motivation: Convert stored and consolidated medical data into useful information that benefits the owner of the data, i.e., individuals.

## Goal: Make this information esily accessible to individuals

Motivation: Increase digital literacy. The concerns include utility and benefit of the application, ease-of-use, data access and security, and the larger context. The project also intends to make the application understandable by individuals who are less educated or belong to a risk-group

which allows the development of efficient risk detection and management programs. 


-   underlying business goals, essential features and functional
    requirements for the system

-   quality goals for the architecture

-   relevant stakeholders and their expectations


Requirements Overview
---------------------

**What is MyDigiTwin?**

MyDigiTwin : two viewpoints

**Research environment features**

* Enable the integration of multiple reference datasets, following privacy-preserving principles, for the training of prediction models of cardiovascular risks, and for re-estimating genetic and non-genetic existing models.

* Enable the systematic comparison of new and existing prediction models.

**End-used features**

* Perform scenario-based predictions 
* Perform preventive and therapeutic simulations to promote patients’ self-management of their cardiovascular health through personalized prevention strategies. 


Quality Goals
-------------

| Number | Quality                 | Motivation                     |
|--------|-------------------------|--------------------------------|
| Q1     | Accuracy | High accuracy in detecting heart diseases is essential for the MyDigiTwin project since it aims to empower individuals to investigate their health status and respond quickly by seeking professional healthcare. By providing accurate and reliable information, individuals can take action much faster, in the early stages of the diseases, and reduce the severity of potential consequences. .                                                  |
| Q2     | Privacy             | The motivation behind privacy is to ensure that end-users trust is not violated and that users can maintain control over their data. Maintaining privacy is crucial in the MyDigiTwin project as it deals with collecting and storing sensitive health data of end-users.                        |
| Q3     | Security             | The security motivation is to safeguard the trust of the end-users in the project and enable them to share their sensitive health data confidently. By doing so, the project aims to enhance the amount of available data that can be used to train the predictive models and promote innovative research in detecting heart diseases.                   |
| Q4     | Usability         | Usability aims at improving the end-user application accessibility and usability for a broad range of citizen end-users, in particular that it ensure that the app's visuals and structures fit the needs of functionally illiterate people.               |
| Q5     | Safety                | The primary motivation for safety is to protect the well-being of patients who rely on the accuracy and reliability of the heart risk predictions provided by the software.  Furthermore, Ensuring the safety of the software is essential to maintain the integrity of these medical decisions and to provide healthcare professionals with reliable information.|



Stakeholders
------------



| Role/Name | Goal/Boundaries |
|------------------|------------------|
| [PGO](12.Glossary.md)  |  |
| Patient  | Patients in The Netherlands affiliated to a PGO that provides MyDigiTwin services  |
| Clinical specualists  |  |




**Contents.**

Explicit overview of stakeholders of the system, i.e. all person, roles
or organizations that

-   should know the architecture

-   have to be convinced of the architecture

-   have to work with the architecture or with code

-   need the documentation of the architecture for their work

-   have to come up with decisions about the system or its development

**Motivation.**

You should know all parties involved in development of the system or
affected by the system. Otherwise, you may get nasty surprises later in
the development process. These stakeholders determine the extent and the
level of detail of your work and its results.

**Form.**

Table with role names, person names, and their expectations with respect
to the architecture and its documentation.

| Role/Name   | Contact                   | Expectations              |
| ----------- | ------------------------- | ------------------------- |
| Role-1      | Contact-1                 | *&lt;Expectation-1*&gt;   |
| Role-2      | Contact-2                 | *&lt;Expectation-2*&gt;   |
